- If you're passionate about technology and love learning,
a career in software development can be very rewarding.
When I wrote that first line of code at the age of 14,
I could never have imagined where it would lead.
In my career, I've led the development of systems
that have made real impacts on people's lives.
I've traveled all over the country
and met some wonderful people along the way.
That's my story so far, and it's still being written.
Now it's time to write yours.
In this course, I've shared the tips
I wish I knew along the way,
so that you can achieve your goals
without hitting the same obstacles.
I've saved the most important tip for last,
and it's the key to a wonderful career.
You have to love to code.
So that's it for now.
Thanks for joining me in this course.
Now go out, find an amazing opportunity to learn,
grow, and contribute in the field of software development.
I can't wait to see the impact you're going to make.